 
                                                                                        Introduction 

The title of our project is CANTEEN MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. As we know a canteen is common for Offices, Factories, Call Centres, Hostels, Schools, Clubs and Hospitals to operate their own cafeterias for their employees and students. However, managing the cafeteria menu, attendance and consumption is a challenging process. Manual and paper based processes are cumbersome and error-prone, leading to inaccuracies and wastage of time and material. A canteen management system is essential for keeping track of food consumption. Our project will offer a canteen management software that tracks item-wise food consumption and also for a group of users. Different menus can be planned for breakfast, lunch, dinner, special days and different occasions. This software allows tracking menu items, speedy transactions and prevents accounting errors. It will also allow users to select menu items from any android device.


1.1	Document Purpose

This SRS describes the functional and non-functional requirements for release 1.0 of the project Canteen management system. To implement and verify the functionality required by the user this document is prepared. This document can be referred by project team members working on this particular project to help get a vision regarding how to system will work.
This document presents a detailed explanation of the objectives, features, product scope ,design and implementation constraints of canteen management system. It will also describe how the system will perform and how it will behave under certain circumstances.
Also the required information about customers will be saved in the system which can be accessed by the system admin.


1.2	Product Scope

This system will help to manage and run the canteen business systematically. In this system customers can easily order their food. Feedback feature is also implemented so that customers can share their feedback through which the owner of the canteen can evaluate and make required changes to the system. All the information about daily expenses and profit will be saved in the system.

